Clarify runmode usage for ACEs in immutable content (#794)
Netcentric/accesscontroltool: docs/ApplyConfig.md

2. Afterwards all mutable content is discarded (authorizables in `/home` and ACEs in mutable content)
3. During deployment the authorizables and ACEs in mutable locations of the repository are installed on the target mutable node store via the [Startup Hook](#startup-hook)

> Conceptually step 1 is only necessary if ACEs for immutable content (in `/apps` and `/libs`) are set - this is usually the case though due to permissions to navigation entries and other ootb product functionality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conceptually step 1 is only necessary if ACEs for immutable content (in `/apps` and `/libs`) are set - this is usually the case for permissions to navigation entries and other author product functionality. 
```

> **IMPORTANT**: Due to the fact that immutable content (step 1) is built during image build, configurations for  runmodes `dev`, `stage` and `prod` are ignored. Use only ACEs referring to generic group fragments in immutable content that then in turn can be used in an environment-specific fashion from other groups in step 3. See also [best practice to use functional fragments](BestPractices.md#use-fragment-groups-for-functional-aspects-and-content-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT**: Due to the fact that immutable content (step 1) is prepared during image build, configurations for  run modes `dev`, `stage` and `prod` are ignored. Use only ACEs referring to generic group fragments in immutable content that then can be used in an environment-specific fashion from other groups in step 3. See also [best practice to use functional fragments](BestPractices.md#use-fragment-groups-for-functional-aspects-and-content-access).
```
